[docs] Migrate docs from AsciiDoc to Markdown (#2221)
elastic/apm-agent-python: docs/reference/lambda-support.md

2. Scroll to the Layers section and click the *Add a layer* button ![image of layer configuration section in AWS Console](../images/config-layer.png "")
3. Choose the *Specify an ARN* radio button
4. Copy and paste the following ARNs of the {{apm-lambda-ext}} layer and the APM agent layer in the *Specify an ARN* text input:
    * APM Extension layer:
      ```
      arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-extension-{{apm-lambda-ext-v}}-{ARCHITECTURE}:1 <1>
      ```
      1. Replace `{AWS_REGION}` with the AWS region of your Lambda function and `{ARCHITECTURE}` with its architecture.

    * APM agent layer:
      ```
      arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-python-{{apm-python-v}}:1 <1>
      ```
      1. Replace `{AWS_REGION}` with the AWS region of your Lambda function.

    ![image of choosing a layer in AWS Console](../images/choose-a-layer.png "")
5. Click the *Add* button
::::::

::::::{tab-item} AWS CLI
To add the Layer ARNs of the {{apm-lambda-ext}} and the APM agent through the AWS command line interface execute the following command:

```bash
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name yourLambdaFunctionName \

> --layers arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-extension-{{apm-lambda-ext-v}}-{ARCHITECTURE}:1 \ <1>

Reviewer: This second line was like this before:

```    --environment "Variables={AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER=/opt/python/bin/elasticapm-lambda,ELASTIC_APM_LAMBDA_APM_SERVER=<YOUR-APM-SERVER-URL>,ELASTIC_APM_SECRET_TOKEN=<YOUR-APM-SECRET-TOKEN>,ELASTIC_APM_SEND_STRATEGY=background}" ```

Author: That's not what I see in the [current live docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/python/current/lambda-support.html#_step_2_add_the_apm_layers_to_your_lambda_function) (switch to `AWS CLI`). I think the change you suggested is actually used in the [next step](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/python/current/lambda-support.html#_step_3_configure_apm_on_aws_lambda).

Reviewer: You are right, I think I mixed different steps :sweat:

    layers:
      - arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-extension-{{apm-lambda-ext-v}}-{ARCHITECTURE}:1 <1>
      - arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-python-{{apm-python-v}}:1 <2>
...
```
1. Replace `{AWS_REGION}` with the AWS region of your Lambda function and `{ARCHITECTURE}` with its architecture.
2. Replace `{AWS_REGION}` with the AWS region of your Lambda function.
::::::

::::::{tab-item} Terraform
To add the{{apm-lambda-ext}} and the APM agent to your function add the ARNs to the `layers` property in your Terraform file:

```yaml
...
resource "aws_lambda_function" "your_lambda_function" {
  ...
  layers = ["arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-extension-{{apm-lambda-ext-v}}-{ARCHITECTURE}:1", "arn:aws:lambda:{AWS_REGION}:267093732750:layer:elastic-apm-python-{{apm-python-v}}:1"] <1>
}
...
```
1. Replace `{AWS_REGION}` with the AWS region of your Lambda function and `{ARCHITECTURE}` with its architecture.
::::::

::::::{tab-item} Container Image
To add the {{apm-lambda-ext}} and the APM agent to your container-based function extend the Dockerfile of your function image as follows:

```Dockerfile

> FROM docker.elastic.co/observability/apm-lambda-extension-IMAGE_ARCH:latest AS lambda-extension

Reviewer: This IMAGE_ARCH is missing a note that it should be substituted

Author: I added a code annotation (https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-python/pull/2221/commits/ff98aa6a323e69e9e4d7f5a069d51d2a095983cf). Feel free to suggest alternative language for the note.

---
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/python/current/lambda-support.html
---

# Monitoring AWS Lambda Python Functions [lambda-support]

The Python APM Agent can be used with AWS Lambda to monitor the execution of your AWS Lambda functions.

```
Note: The Centralized Agent Configuration on the Elasticsearch APM currently does NOT support AWS Lambda.
```

## Prerequisites [_prerequisites]

> You need an APM Server to send APM data to. Follow the [APM Quick start](docs-content://solutions/observability/apps/get-started-with-apm.md) if you have not set one up yet. For the best-possible performance, we recommend setting up APM on {{ecloud}} in the same AWS region as your AWS Lambda functions.

Reviewer: This is pointing to the apm server doc while we currently link to the observability apm page
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/8.17/apm.html

Author: ```suggestion
You need an APM Server to send APM data to. Follow the [APM Quick start](docs-content://solutions/observability/apps/application-performance-monitoring-apm.md) if you have not set one up yet. For the best-possible performance, we recommend setting up APM on {{ecloud}} in the same AWS region as your AWS Lambda functions.
```

## Step 1: Select the AWS Region and Architecture [_step_1_select_the_aws_region_and_architecture]

> <style>

Reviewer: Rendering of this is broken

Author: I'll take a closer look at this today.

Author: elastic/docs-builder does not support CSS and JavaScript in Markdown, and there is no plan to support it in the future. I made some updates in https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-python/pull/2221/commits/e795df5d8275c4a7399b24546e83212c3c99a934. Take a look at [the preview](https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/apm-agent-python/pull/2221/reference/lambda-support#add_the_apm_layers_to_your_lambda_function) and let me know what you think about this approach.
